Who is the NBA all-time regular season scoring leader?
Whose silhouette is widely believed to be the NBA logo?
How many points is a made free throw worth in the NBA?
How many personal fouls does a player get before fouling out in the NBA?
How many players from one team are on the court at a time in an NBA game?
In which season was the three-point line introduced in the NBA?
The NBA Slam Dunk Contest is part of which annual event weekend?
What is the name of the NBA award given to the best regular-season player?
What is the name of the trophy awarded to the NBA champions?
The NBA Finals MVP award is named after which player?
Which player has won the most NBA MVP awards?
Who was the first player to win a unanimous NBA MVP?
Which team originally drafted Kobe Bryant in 1996?
Which team did Kobe Bryant play for during his entire NBA career?
Which NBA team did Tim Duncan play for in his entire career?
Which NBA team did Dirk Nowitzki play for in his entire NBA career?
What was Magic Johnson's primary listed position?
What jersey number is most associated with Michael Jordan in the NBA?
In what year did the NBA and ABA merge?
How many teams are in the NBA?
How many conferences are in the NBA?
How many divisions are in each NBA conference?
How many total divisions are in the NBA?
How many seconds are on the NBA shot clock?
How many seconds does a team have to advance the ball past half court in the NBA?
In which month is the NBA Draft typically held?
In which month does the NBA regular season usually begin?
In which city is the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame located?
What is the name of the NBA award for the top first-year player?
What is the name of the NBA award for the best defensive player of the regular season?
Who was the first overall pick in the 2003 NBA Draft?
Who was the first overall pick in the 1997 NBA Draft?
Who was the first overall pick in the 1992 NBA Draft?
Who is recognized as the first Black player to appear in an NBA game?
Who was the first international player to win NBA MVP?
Name one of the two Canadian expansion teams that entered the NBA in 1995.
Which current NBA team relocated from Seattle to Oklahoma City?
Which team won the 2016 NBA Finals?
Which team came back from a 3-1 deficit to win the 2016 NBA Finals?
Which two teams played in the 2016 NBA Finals?
Which team won the 2011 NBA Finals?
Who won the 2011 NBA Finals MVP award?